Fanthorpe comments on Uccello's painting, *St George and the Dragon*, and also on the state of English society in the 1970s by authoring a poem which presents each characters perspective as opposite of what the viewer expects to emphasize the dramatic cultural changes in Europe post-war. The painting depicts the triumph of the night over the dragon, which is attacking the woman. Uccello's painting is based on a legend of St. George as it appears in the Golden Legend, which was widely read in Europe during the late middle ages. Alternate theories consider that the painting while based on the legend, may have been propaganda to encourage agriculture. [(Emanuele)](https://www.journals.uchicago.edu/doi/10.1086/720963) In the poem by Fanthorpe, the dragon is disappointed with not only how he is drawn, but also with the circumstance of the painting - his "victim be[ing] so unattractive" and his "conqueror be[ing] so ostentatiously beardless" - where the viewer expects the dragon to be aggressive and angry at the defeat itself, the dragon sees it has inevitable and instead wishes for a more glorious defeat. Similarly, the viewer expects the woman to be scared by the dragon and enamored with the night, but instead she thinks the dragon is "so nicely physical" and that it has a "sexy tail". She seems frustrated with the night, because the she's not sure if the night is attractive under so much armor. Finally, the night is very proud, materialistic, and egotistical, where the viewer expects him to be selfless, brave, and genuine - he details how is equipment is pristine, his "spear is custom-built", and how "you can't do better than [him] at the moment". The details in the contradiction between a viewers expectation of each characters perspective and the poems depiction of their perspective represents the rapid social change in Europe during the late 70s.